Streamline workflow (#1838)
PyPSA/pypsa-eur: doc/configuration.rst

    $ snakemake -call --configfile my_config.yaml

.. note::

    PyPSA-Eur versions ``<=2025.04.0`` wrote a fresh copy of the merged
    configuration to ``config/config.yaml`` on every run. The file is no longer

>     auto-generated; Snakemake only reads it when you create it manually.

Author: this is actually referring to the results section, which I missed here

   :file: configtables/foresight.csv

.. note::
    If you use myopic or perfect foresight, define at least two values in the
    top-level :ref:`planning_horizons` list so the warm-start logic can look up
    previous horizons.

.. _planning-horizons:

``planning_horizons``
=====================

> Configure planning horizons at the top level rather than through wildcards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Document static state, not changes.

``co2 budget``
==============

Carbon budgets share one schema for all foresight modes. The ``values`` key
selects whether yearly entries inside ``upper``/``lower`` are interpreted as
fractions of the 1990 baseline (``fraction``) or absolute GtCO₂/year
(``absolute``). Enable ``upper`` and/or ``lower`` to enforce those caps only for
the explicitly listed years. Optional ``total`` and ``distribution`` entries let

> you spread an aggregate budget across all :ref:`planning_horizons`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explicitly listed years or a total budget across all :ref:`planning_horizons`.
```
Configuration options changed from previous version.
